Let's review what we
covered in this section.
We began by discussing
the purpose of playbooks.
Then, we examined the six phases
of an incident response playbook,
including an example of how a playbook
might be used to address an incident.
Playbooks are just one of the essential
tools you'll use as a security analyst.
They provide a structured, consistent
approach to handling security incidents
and can help you respond to
security incidents quickly.
Knowing how and when to use a playbook,
will allow you to make informed
decisions about how to respond to
a security incident when it occurs
and help to minimize the impact and
damage it may cause your organization and
the people it serves.
Following the steps of the playbook and
communicating appropriately with your team,
will ensure your effectiveness
as a security professional.